Improve "index" pages content (#4251)
Napari/napari: docs/tutorials/index.md

# napari tutorials

These tutorials will help you explore the main usage modes and methods of
napari, and target people who want to use napari. If you are also interested

> in contributing to napari then please check out [Community](../community/index).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in contributing to napari then please check out [the Community page](../community/index).
```

## Improving the tutorials

Our tutorials are hosted on [the napari Github repository](https://github.com/napari/napari).

> If as you're going through the tutorials you spot any errors or can think of
> ways to improve them please raise an issue on the repository or make a pull
> request, we'd love to have the community help make them better for everyone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you make your way through the tutorials, if you spot any errors or areas that
can be improved, please raise an issue on the repository or make a pull
request! We love it when our community helps make them better for everyone!
To see how to modify documentation pages, please see our
[documentation contributing guide](../developers/documentation/index).
```
